feat: add warning about expected developer experience (#74)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/project/Index.rst

################

The *nRF Asset Tracker* enables developers to set up a real world IoT solution using one of the supported cloud providers and adapt the example firmware and software to fit their use case.

.. developer_xp_warning_start

> .. warning::
> 
>    Developers are expected to have prior experience in developing solutions with the respective cloud provider.
>    The *nRF Asset Tracker* is designed for developers who want a headstart on how to set up their cloud provider for our devices, but then want to modify the solution to their needs.
>    This is not a turn-key software-as-a-service solution, it comes with additional costs and you should expect future maintenance efforts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

   Developers are expected to have prior experience in developing solutions with the respective cloud provider.
   The *nRF Asset Tracker* is designed for developers who require a head start on setting up the cloud provider for Nordic devices and require modifying the solution according to specific needs.
   The *nRF Asset Tracker*  is not a turn-key software-as-a-service solution.
   It comes with additional costs and there will be future maintenance efforts.
```
